README.md, before:

# nRF51-Boards

## Orchid-Lamp
The Waveshare Core51822 module controls two RGB LED strips<br/>
<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/interoberlin/nRF51-Boards/master/Orchid-Lamp.PCB/PCB-3D.jpg">
<img width="300px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/interoberlin/nRF51-Boards/master/Orchid-Lamp.PCB/PCB-3D.jpg"/>
</a>

## A FET module for RGB LED strips
A little board with transistors to control a strip of RGB LEDs<br/>
See also the demonstration video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xwwlhRyiOM<br/>
<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/interoberlin/nRF51-Boards/master/RGB-LED-strip-FET-module.PCB/PCB3D.jpg">
<img width="200px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/interoberlin/nRF51-Boards/master/RGB-LED-strip-FET-module.PCB/PCB3D.jpg"/>
</a>

## Color-LED experiments
A board to experiment with small color LEDs; use with a microcontroller<br/>
See also the demonstration video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w83osOTgDeY<br/>
<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/interoberlin/nRF51-Boards/master/Color-LEDs.PCB/PCB%20bottom.jpg">
<img width="400px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/interoberlin/nRF51-Boards/master/Color-LEDs.PCB/PCB%20bottom.jpg"/>
</a>

Commit message:

README.md: The nRFduino has it's own repo

README.md, after:

# nRF51-Boards

## nRFduino

Arduino breakout board for the Waveshare's Core51822 Bluetooth module based on Nordic's nRF51 SoC.<br/>
This board now got it's own repository: https://github.com/interoberlin/nrfduino

## Orchid-Lamp
The Waveshare Core51822 module controls two RGB LED strips<br/>
<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/interoberlin/nRF51-Boards/master/Orchid-Lamp.PCB/PCB-3D.jpg">
<img width="300px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/interoberlin/nRF51-Boards/master/Orchid-Lamp.PCB/PCB-3D.jpg"/>
</a>

## A FET module for RGB LED strips
A little board with transistors to control a strip of RGB LEDs<br/>
See also the demonstration video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xwwlhRyiOM<br/>
<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/interoberlin/nRF51-Boards/master/RGB-LED-strip-FET-module.PCB/PCB3D.jpg">
<img width="200px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/interoberlin/nRF51-Boards/master/RGB-LED-strip-FET-module.PCB/PCB3D.jpg"/>
</a>

## Color-LED experiments
A board to experiment with small color LEDs; use with a microcontroller<br/>
See also the demonstration video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w83osOTgDeY<br/>
<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/interoberlin/nRF51-Boards/master/Color-LEDs.PCB/PCB%20bottom.jpg">
<img width="400px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/interoberlin/nRF51-Boards/master/Color-LEDs.PCB/PCB%20bottom.jpg"/>
</a>
